Add synonyms to `documentType` notice code descriptions, change their titles (#1403)
open-contracting/standard: docs/history/changelog.md

  * [#1280](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1280) Align the description of 'tenderNotice' and 'technicalSpecifications' with GPA.
  * [#1377](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1377) Clarify the description of 'completionCertificate' and align it with the description of 'paymentCertificate' in OC4IDS.
  * [#1378](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1378) Remove the Category column.

>   * [#1403](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1403) Replace "contract notice" with "contract signature notice", add synonyms to all notice codes ('planning', 'tender', 'award', 'contract') and standardize the descriptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * [#1403](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1403) Replace "contract notice" with "contract signature notice", add synonyms to all notice codes ('plannedProcurementNotice', 'tenderNotice', 'awardNotice', 'contractNotice') and standardize the descriptions.
```

* [#1315](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1315) Add rules on setting `id` and `date` for compiled releases to the merging specification.
* [#1344](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1344) Add contract suspension worked example.
* [#1375](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1375) Update guidance for empty fields in the merging documentation.

> * [#1403](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1403) Change "contract notice" to "contract signature notice".

Reviewer: I think the other entries are sufficient and are more relevant than the changes to the documentation.

```suggestion
```
